Hey folks! My name is John Thompson. I am
a Java developer primarily specializing
in the Spring Framework. I've been doing it
for over a decade. I've been in IT for
coming up on 25 years now which is kind
of a scary thought that I've been doing
the stuff for that long. I actually
started in the industry as an intern
doing training documentation for a
software company that did warehouse
management systems. And that was
quite some time ago. My work with that
company went into project management. I did a
lot of system architecture and design
work. And along my career, I became more
and more technical and started focusing
on being a strictly a Java developer. It's over a decade ago. Today, my primary
income is from doing consulting and
working with clients. I am a freelance
Java developer. I've been doing that for a
while now and it goes quite well for me.
I enjoy the lifestyle and the
flexibility it also gives me a chance to
see a lot of new and challenging stuff. The clients that I work with are
doing a lot of high-volume stuff. A lot
of very interesting stuff, really just
the sweet spot for the Spring
Framework when you start getting into
large transactional processing and
things that really have scale. So that's
kind of the niche that I've been working
in lately. My personal life, I'm a
triathlete. So I do a lot of training. Let's
see here, I'm recording this in actually
April 1st 2017 and just getting ready
for triathlon season. So I got my first
triathlon coming up here in another
couple weeks. Saint Anthony's triathlon.
I'm actually thinking about doing another
half ironman this year, see if I can pull
that off. Maybe that's a little too much. So when I'm not doing coding and course
content creation, I'm running or cycling
or swimming or something like that or
just heading out downtown St.
Pete with my friends. So a lot of great
content in this course ahead. I really try
to work in a lot of my experience into
it, not to show you just the mechanics but
also my experience from using actually
using these technologies out of the
field. So you
you can get a feel for that and leverage
my experience from what I've done out in
the field. So I really hope you enjoy the
content ahead of you.